Hello friends to Ajay, today we
will learn to renew motor insurance online, let us type ICICI number in the browser to renew online
or ICICI Lombard website has opened, then we will click here to log in if
If you do not already have this account, then create an account by clicking on register share, let us
login here by entering Gmail ID and password, so now we
will enter the policy number by clicking on the tap of renew here and then click on renew We will do it, we can also click on this link under our eyes,
now we will enter the last 5 digits of the engine number here and click on the continue button or a new
page will open, here all the details of the policy are given. You can modify these details by clicking on the red colored modify button,
you can also add a nominee by clicking on the button of add me
or renewal amount of one year, day bill to passenger can also be done
. At this time, by clicking on the Personal Protect Cup Bhar
can also be added to your policy, now we will click on the button of you on this red color day,
now we have reached the payment option page, here is the summary of the policy We
can make payment through credit card debit card or net banking, here we will
make payment through net banking, let's click on net banking payment,
now we will select State Bank of India from here, then click on APP boat If we do
that now we will login to the State Bank of India by entering the user name and password here and
then click on the submit button, so now we will click on the confirm button here
and then click on the confirm button that now High Security Court has been sent on our mobile phone,
we have to enter it here, we will click on the confirm button, yes
friend, see our two wheeler insurance policy renewal has been successful, if you
like this video of mine, then hit the like button. Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel for new videos
and mod thanks for watching the